

### What were your reflections from the video?
* We all carry our own stereotypes and biases. Judgements are made every time we time we see someone. These judgements can be made on anything from competency to how compassionate we think someone may be. Usually these judgements are assumptions and these assumptions can have harmful lingering effects. It's hard for us to see things objectively because of our judgements and our mentality. We are often limited by not being aware of our biases. Together, can create a better working environment if we take time to reflect on our biases and understand them better. This can lead to being more conscious about our biases.

## In what ways have you examined your implicit biases before coming to Turing?
* Being from Colorado, sometimes I feel as if there is a general lack of diversity in this state. I knew coming into Turing that my classes were going to be more diverse than in my previous school settings. I think this is great and is going to be very positive for me. I try very hard not to judge people right away, or not too harshly, but I know I do it. And it's not always judgment based on gender or ethnicity. Sometimes I feel like I harshly judge people that are very similar to me. We all judge and I have thought about how I can be more aware of this. I also feel like when I hear stories on the news about Men like George Floyd, who was an unarmed man killed by police, that this kind of racial injustice needs to stop. What if an officer was kneeling on my neck and I couldn't breath? Also, issues such as the gender pay gap need to be addressed. There is a lot of work to be done! Thinking about this really makes me motivated to do something about it. So I will start with being more self aware with how I treat people and how people treat each other.
*My circle of friends and I are very progressive when it comes to topics from racial injustice, to Women's rights and everything in between despite the fact that we are for the majority white. Discussions I have had with my friends in the past has really opened my view on how a little change can go a long way. I look forward to meeting new friends at Turing and learning more from them about these issues.

## What kind of software do you imagine building in the future? How will understanding biases (or avoiding understanding biases) impact your products?
* I imagine I would build web apps or mobile apps that are for outdoor recreation or environmental issues. Some outdoor sports (rock climbing for example) lack diversity and are usually comprised of people of a certain socioeconomic bracket. And outdoor gear companies are often times the same way. As with racial injustice, there is also environmental injustice that is also causing harm to people. We can work towards fixing this. In the google video about unconscious bias, there was a quote about how unconscious bias causes us to not live up to our full potential. This can affect the products that we create. This is something that would be great to know for development. That you can create something without unconscious bias and expand the market to your product.

## When you consider the way you move through the world, what elements of your identity are you most aware of on a daily basis?
* One of the elements of my identity I am most aware of is my gender; I am male. Growing up with mainly just my Mom and 2 sisters really taught me to think about behavior as a male. I am also aware of my personality. How I act and my character and how it can influence other people. I can also look to other peoples character for influence.

## What strengths does your identity give you? How will you utilize those at Turing?
* Two of my personality strengths are trustworthiness and resourcefulness. I like to think that people view me as trustworthy. And when I say I am going to do something I follow through. I also think I can be viewed as resourceful. I am fairly knowledgeable in different subjects, and if I am not sure of how to get something done, I can pull together my resources to help figure it out.
* I will utilize trustworthiness to better show my character and develop relationships with my peers. And I will utilize my resourcefulness to help myself and others around me.

## How do you think you could value the identities of those around you to bring out their strengths at Turing?
* I think I can value everyone's identity to better get know them and understand what their strengths are. As mentioned in the google video, everyone one of us is good at something you wouldn't expect them to be. This is a great quote going into a virtual school setting where it may be challenging to get to know people. Just taking an extra second to mentally note what someone did well and see if I can bring that out in them later. Also, paying attention to classmates as much as instructors and getting to know their background better so I can get to know their strengths and from their I can better value those strengths.

## Has there been a time where you were able to advocate or include people around you?
* In College I was the lead climbing instructor in our outdoor program. There was one female climbing instructor who was a good friend of mine. We organized an all Women's ice climbing weekend clinic to teach students how to ice climb. Our premise was that Women can go ice climbing! This was nice because the majority of students who signed up for normal clinics were male and they were college students. It was a nice change to teach a class of only Women and also to help teach fellow instructors. And they were students at my college. Being the lead instructor, I took a back seat and let the other instructors there teach the curriculum. It was an annual event, I'm not sure if it still is at that school. My friends sister is now a guide and often teaches Women only clinics which is awesome. It's cool to see people put themselves out there and try something that makes them vulnerable.

## How will your strengths impact you as a teammate? What will you bring to your cohort?
*I think my strengths will make me an approachable teammate. Someone can reach out to me for help or with a question on something. I can also be a great leader at times if put into that role. I think I will bring my laid back and easy personality to the cohort. I am easy going, but I am also determined and motivated. I do well in stressful situations and can try not to get overwhelmed if it isn't necessary. If something goes wrong, I take a step back, evaluate the situation, and correct it appropriately.
