### What are two points from the article or video that either resonated with you, or were brand new to you?
* The first point is that i'm even learning about this topic. The fact that there is, or ever needed to be, an articulation of the idea of a "growth mindset" is a little strange to me. Isn't this the way everyone already is? Does a conversation about having a positive attitude need to be had? 

* The second point that resonates with me is this idea of ZPD. Reading about this triggers the rememberance of my interest/study of the psychology of optimal experience; aka Fun Psychology, or the experience of Flow, which is best represented below: 

### In which ways do you currently demonstrate a Growth Mindset? In which ways do you not?
* Currently I demonstrate a Growth Mindset as a basic tenet of life. Having learned music and music theory is one example of how I've experienced the idea of learning something challenging. Others would say "i could never learn that"....when perhaps the truth is "I don't want to make the effort and would rather use an excuse that I believe is preventing me". At some point I stopped trying to convince people of their own self-denial/self-delusion or avoidance, and saw it as an opportunity to practice kindness. 

* I'm not always in a Growth Mindset. It's not always possible to know how to exemplify a Growth Mindset. Perhaps forward progress isn't the best thing for forward progress. Perhaps **not** being productive is required. It's like the idea of writing, or keeping a journal. It's one thing to write everyday; It's another to have things to write about. And sometimes what's important is doing things in life that can be considered "filling the well". If ideas and creativity is flowing in an underground stream accessible via a well, how can I access those ideas and creativity? Sometime I need to add stones into the well, until those ideas and creativity come within reach. The way the "well is filled" in this explanation, is through unique or novel life experiences. I don't always practice those ideas to "fill the well", which I believe is a subtraction on the growth-fixed mindset binary spectrum. 

### What is something you are good at or knowledgeable at now, that you once weren't? How did you get those skills/knowledge? Was it hard at some point?

* Music. Specifically playing the guitar, and music theory. 

* These skills/ this knowledge was acquired first because I wanted the skills/knowledge. Second because I had an amazing instructor. And third, because I put in the time, effort, and reflection needed to develop a more complete sense of musicianship. I also acquired the skills and knowledge by immersing myself in the 'wild'...that is, the community of aspiring and practicing musicians in the real world. Performing, collaborating and growing. 

* There were many times when it was extremely difficult. Disappointing an instructor who had given me three simple tasks to complete in a week was awful...but it taught me about patience, forgiveness, but also honest practice, honest work, judging my own effort, practicing within my ability level, pushing beyond my skill level, learning about how I learn, what i want to learn, how quickly I can learn...But there were many times when it was difficult to feel good about the progress I made. Then it was difficult to accept praise. Then it was difficult to collaborate. Then it was difficult to lead. Then it was difficult to maintain a consistent practice. Then it was just me, on a stage, playing a guitar, and feeling the experience of holding the attention of a room full of skilled artists and hearing validation not directed at me...but to the world at large. So yes it was difficult; And also totally worth it. 
